[Music]
I'll get it now Ark don't you eat this
pie
what do you take me for
I said I'm sure she wouldn't be any that
I am perfectly okay when I spear you
yep with my spear you I don't mean that
at holida stop playing for us it's a
blue very center and in it we still sit
here and say we're as close do what I
tell you self-control yeah I just think
of something else okay make the
thought-bubble appear where we got here
oh it's the monkey but yes a monkey but
it's not very interesting mmm-hmm wait I
know
Star Wars monkey
bang clang clang clang clang clang clang
clang clang clang clang clang clang
clang clang clang fine fine okay that
was really weird
oh so hungry but I can't eat delicious
fake good this can't be good
they're not eating the pie are you uh uh
okay I'll be back in a minute
[Music]
Oh
we interrupt this catchy pop song to
bring you a special report local pie
factory downtown has exploded dozens are
injured but it is raining pie and
everyone is happy especially me the
mayor the few words to say about this
delicious event date who attended don't
panic
recent studies have shown if you eat a
pie a day you will have a five percent
increase of your me don't think about I
didn't think about paid and greetings
are do you
I am the part no you're not yes I am
yeah
liddie run from me I have one simple
request from you off I want you to eat
me no it can't give in to temptation
thank you kid you did nothing
she'll get mad go ahead off I'm so
delicious look at me no I can't do it
off watch okay
I bet you're not mad enough to handle me
your little mama's boy when you say say
that again normally I would but I'm
afraid I would overload a little
pea-brain mind take that package me
that's it
you're going down pie prepare yourself
gladiator yeah what the crap what
happened here and goon to tonight I ate
the pie you better have a good
explanation for this young man
[Music]
Mentos the freshmaker